alice - User
bob - Agent
charlie - Hotel Owner

Use case 1 -
Search Flight OR Hotel -
Search Flight - 
1. On landing page fill in all required journey details
2. Click Search to view available flights
Search Hotel -
1. From landing page click on 'Hotel Search' tab
2. Enter required fields
3. Click Search button to view available hotels. (Hotel listing include hotels from third party API as well as registered hotels in our database)

User case 2 (User to Agent communication)-
Create flight alerts -
1. From landing page go to Login page
2. Login with User Profile (alice/alice)
3. Fill in necessary Details (source, destination and dates)
4. Click on Set Up Alert.
5. Go to My Account (top right corner). The Alert is listed under User History Tab.
6. Logout.
7. Login with Agent profile (bob/bob)
8. Go to My Account (top right corner). Go to Notification Tab - You will be able to view previously created alerts (by all users) here.


Use Case 3 (Agent to User Communication) -
Respond to User Alert -
1. From landing page go to Login page.
2. Login with Agent profile (bob/bob).
3. Go to My Account (top right corner). Go to Notification Tab. 
4. Agent types deal in the message box and Sends it to User. Once message is sent, it is visible in Agent History tab.
5. Agent can delete the User alert from his account. (this alert is still avalilable for other agents to respond to).
6. Agent can filter alert using multiple filters on top of the page. Also he can clear filters.
7. Logout from Agent account.
8. Login to User profile (alice/alice). Go to My Account (top right corner). Go to Notification Tab. You can view the message sent from agent on this page.


Use Case 4 (Register to add your hotel) -
1. From landing page go to Login page.
2. Login with hotel owner profile (charlie/charlie).
3. Go to New Hotel tab.
4. Fill in required details.
5. Click on Add this Hotel
6. user will be redirected to hotel list page where newly added hotel can be viewed.
7. User can edit hotel details by clicking Edit button.
8. User can delete hotel by clicking Delete button.


Use Case 5 (Add new hotel booking) -
1. From landing page go to Login page.
2. Login with hotel owner profile (charlie/charlie).
3. Go to My Hotels tab.
4. Click on Add new booking button of respective hotel.
5. Enter checkin and checkout dates
6. Click on Add Booking button
7. New booking will be saved for that hotel.
8. Now, If user searches Hotel for the dates for which this hotel is booked, then this hotel will not be listed.













